# Tableau Challenge
Citi Bike Tableu Analysis

https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/zachary.owen/viz/CitiBikeAnalysis_16295538409300/CitiBikeAnalysis?publish=yes

Using data gathered in April of 2020, this tableau story looks at the users of the Citi Bike program in New York City. We can explore the types of people who are partaking in the program, as well as the common locations, times, and durations for their trips. The most commonly used stations to start from are the 1 Ave & E 68th St station, which is located near Central Park, and the West St & Chambers St Station, which is located in the Financial District. 3,992 trips were taken from 1 Ave, and 3,201 from West st. This would suggest that the largest number of users are either visiting Central Park on their bike trips, or are using their bikes to commute to work somewhere in the financial district. The most common type of user are male subscribers. 354,969 of the trips taken during the month fall into this group, and within that group, the most common subset is men in their 30's, having taken 125,676 of the total 682,289 trips taken. One unique facet of this particular subset of data is that the weekends were the most common times for trips to be taken. While the weekends are likely to always be popular, it would be interesting to compare this data from data taken the year prior, long before the Covid-19 pandemic had permeated throughout the populace of New York. Beyond this, as to be expected most of the rides occured during the afternoon. Non-subscribers were most likely to be found riding on Saturdays or between 3-5 in the afternoon. In order to capitalize on these trends, bikes should definitely be made available during these time slots. As our financiers review this data they should notice that the zipcodes with the highest usage are: 10010, 10011, & 10003. This can tell us where we may want to focus on placing future investment resources.


